DOCSP-42662: flystem gridfs adapter php (#988)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/php-libraries.txt

  - `MongoDB Extension for Yii 2 <https://www.yiiframework.com/extension/yiisoft/yii2-mongodb>`__
    is a MongoDB integration for the Yii 2 framework.

- Flysystem

  - `MongoDB GridFS Adapter <https://flysystem.thephpleague.com/docs/adapter/gridfs/>`__

>     is an adapter to interact with MongoDB :manual:`GridFS

Reviewer: S:

```suggestion
    is an adapter for interacting with MongoDB :manual:`GridFS
```

or:

```suggestion
    is an adapter that allows you to interact with MongoDB :manual:`GridFS
```
